Learning unkown things with know things will help a lot to learn fast.
Numbers 
x=10 
Numbers are used to count the things in the nature.
Different types of numbers:
1)natural numbers---> will help to count full items
2)whole numbers
3)Integers-----------> negative numbers is the origin of integers. Used for caluculating negative and positive things.
3) real numbers 
4)irratonal numbers ---> 
5)complex numbers---> square root of (-1) is the origin to create complex numbers in math
6)Decimal numbers---> will help to count the fraction of items.
Based on the gaps of counting in different problems, we have discovered are different numbers .
operations on the numbers
1) Addition 
2) subtraction
3)Multiplication
4) Division
BODMAS will be followed in operations on more 2 numbers or operators.
For every operation will check the compatibility 
example: addition will satisfy commutative,associative and distributive.
properties of numbers
1)commutative
2)Associative
3)Distributive Law

Algebra

Algebra is a branch of mathematics dealing with symbols and the rules for manipulating those symbols.  

In algebra we use symbols instead of numbers directly to solve problems.

example :x+y --->expression
         x+y=0--->equation, if we have '=' symbol then it is equation or else expression.

Different Types of Equations
Linear Equation
Binomal Equation
Trinomal Equation
Quadratic Equation
at last polynomial equation -->By using polynomial equation we will be generating all the equations including higher equations more than 5

Radical Equation
Exponential Equation
Rational Equation



Learning unkown things with know things will help a lot to learn fast.
sets
x={12,1,3,5,6}
Things i have learned from set theory
1) Set is collection  of unordered , unique elements.
2) Filling the items in sets
There can be no element, single element, finitie elements and infinite elements
3) Forming subsets from sets. Understanding different types of subsets.
4) Different operations on sets
 1) union 
 2) intersection 
 3) difference 
  4)complement  
5) Laws of algebra of sets:
commutative law
associate law
distributive law
de morgan's law



scalars can be compared to normal x in algebra
vectors is single row of matrix or single column of matrix or one dimensional of tensor
matrix is a array of numbers in a box.  
tensor is a 



In vectors first i have learned about magnitude and direction 

important thing to remember for the usague of vectors is its direction 

when we do addition or subraction or cross product or dot product then how resultant vector direction will change
linear combination 
